The rteval script is a utility for measuring various aspects of
realtime behaviour on a system under load. The script unpacks the
hackbench and kernel source, builds hackbench and then goes into a
loop, running hackbench and compiling a kernel tree. During that loop
the cyclictest program is run to measure event response time. After
the run time completes, a statistical analysis of the event response
times is done and printed to the screen.

This script takes the following parameters:

* RTREPORTSRV
  Default: rtserver.farm.hsv.redhat.com
  Defines which XML-RPC server rteval will use for reporting

* NOXMLRPC
  Default: (not set)
  If this is set to "1" and only "1", XML-RPC reporting will be disabled

* RTEVAL_EXTRA_PARAMS
  Default: (not set)
  The given string will be passed straight through to the rteval command line

* KILLTIMEOVERRIDE
  Default: (not set / testinfo.desc defines it to 43200 seconds == 12h)
  This can decide how long rteval will run.  However, it is not a straight
  forward value.  The Beaker watchdog uses this value to decide when to
  kill off a running task.  So this script will deduct a number of seconds
  and use that as rteval run time.  To ensure that rteval can be run both
  for a short time and a long time, the deducted time differs depending on
  the KILLTIMEOVERRIDE value.  The default run-time for rteval is 8 hours if
  this value is not provided.

  If KILLTIMEOVERRIDE value is > 1800 seconds (30 minutes) it will deduct
  30 minutes for rteval reporting.  So if you pass the value 1801, rteval
  will run for 1 second, and 30 minutes will be reserved for reporting.
  If you pass 3600 (1 hour), rteval will run for 30 minutes and 30 minutes
  is reserved for reporting.

  If KILLTIMEOVERRIDE value is >= 601 and <= 1800 (between 10 min 1 sec and
  30 minutes), it will deduct 10 minutes for rteval reporting.  So if you
  pass the value 601, rteval will run for 1 second.  If you pass 1800,
  rteval will run for 20 minutes.

  If KILLTIMEOVERRIDE value is less than 601, only 3 minutes will be
  deducted for rteval reporting.

